# encrypted-cloud
Description  Cloud storage software, offering file hosting service. Users are identified by the server via username and each registered user has available a folder where to place and manage your files. The service allows you to upload and download data, receive a list of your files in the cloud and delete them from the server.  The transfer protocol is similar to FTP (File Transfer Protocol): data transmission between hosts is based on TCP and the data is transferred reliably and efficiently. Unlike FTP, which uses two separate connections for managing commands and data, here we have only one connection for both.  Client  The client must be started with the following syntax:  client &lt;server address> &lt;port> &lt;username> The commands available to the user are:  1 : send the file to the server 2: receive the list of the files in the server 3 : download the file from the server 4 : delete the file from the server 5: logout Server  The server must be started with the following syntax:  server &lt;port> The IP address is already defined within the program.  The user data is managed on the server side through subdirectories contained in the folder 'usr'. Inside the folder there are many directories as many members, each directory is named as the username.  Messages  The messages exchanged between clients and servers will be of two types:  command: to tell the server what action to take data: containing the files exchanged or a list of files. The data are personal (as well as the file list) and will be encrypted before sending it, so as to maintain confidentiality and authenticity, to then be decrypted when received by the other side.  The commands indicate the service requested by the user and they, as the data, will be encrypted before sending.  Protocol  The protocol we used is based on that of Needham-Schroeder, with the simplification of having limited communication in client-server and three messages instead of five.
